Update general-conduct.Rmd (#33)
steno-aarhus/research: general-conduct.Rmd

Learn more about using Distill for R Markdown at <https://rstudio.github.io/distill>.

> # Expected Behavior#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Expected Behavior
```

Only need the `#` at the beginning of the header.

We treat each other with respect and courtesy, whether it be online or in-person. In order to foster trust, a positive and professional learning environment, strengthen collaboration and contribute to a positive working environment, we encourage the following kinds of behaviours in all interactions:

- Show courtesy and respect towards others.
- Be kind and aware of your words.
- Use welcoming and inclusive language.
- Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences.
- Gracefully accept constructive criticism.
- Focus on what is best for the community overall.

> Read the "four social rules" for further recommendations and details on proper behaviour. These rules are more lightweight, and we have all broken them, which is why awareness is important. A sincere apology for breaking these rules goes a long way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the ["four social rules"](https://www.recurse.com/manual#sub-sec-social-rules) for further recommendations and details on proper behaviour. These rules are more lightweight, and we have all broken them, which is why awareness is important. A sincere apology for breaking these rules goes a long way.
```

Adding links is done with the format `[text to show](URL)`.

> # Need to add link to the "four social rules" (really good), but don't know how. Can U help? #

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Unacceptable Behavior

> Examples of unacceptable behavior include, but are not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Examples of unacceptable behavior include, but are not limited to:
```

Needs an empty link after the header.

- Written or verbal comments which have the effect of excluding people on the basis of membership of any specific group.
- Causing someone to fear for their safety, such as through stalking, following, or intimidation.
- Violent threats or language directed against another person.
- Displays of sexual or violent images.
- Unwelcome sexual attention.
- Non-consensual or unwelcome physical contact.
- Sustained disruption of talks, events, or communications.
- Insults or put-downs.
- Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary jokes.
- Excessive swearing.
- Incitement to violence, suicide, or self-harm.
- Continuing to initiate interaction (including photography or recording) with someone after being asked to stop.
- Publication of private communication without consent.

# Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

> If you are not comfortable confronting the violator yourself, either privately or in public, seek help from peers and/or supervisor(s) you trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are not comfortable confronting the violator yourself, either privately or in public, seek help from peers and/or supervisor(s) you trust.
```

> Unacceptable behavior has to stop immediately after being pointed out. Sanctions include??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  Comment:
Uncomment after adding link to consequences. 
Unacceptable behavior is not tolerated and if continued may lead to ...
--> 
```

Yea, we'll have to add this when we know how it will be enforced.

> Note: the region has an e-dok instruction on harassment. Will need to check e-dok and add to this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: the region has an e-dok instruction on harassment. Add the e-dok here. -->
```
